docs: Update Readme, Translations, Assets and Package Readmes (#2194)
comet-ml/opik: sdks/opik_optimizer/README.md

    from_llm_response_text,
)

# Load a sample dataset
hot_pot_dataset = get_or_create_dataset("hotpot-300")

# Define the instruction for your chat prompt.
# Input parameters from dataset examples will be interpolated into the full prompt.
prompt_instruction = """
Answer the question based on the provided context.
"""
project_name = "optimize-few-shot-bayesian-hotpot" # For Comet logging

optimizer = FewShotBayesianOptimizer(

>     model="gpt-4o-mini", # LLM to use for generation and optimization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    model="gpt-4o-mini", # LiteLLM name to use for generation and optimization
```
